[13.0][ADD] product_supplierinfo_qty_multiplier: Add Multiplier Qty to vendor pricelist in products to auto-set correct qty in purchase order lines (#1264)
OCA/purchase-workflow: product_supplierinfo_qty_multiplier/README.rst

    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/product_supplierinfo_qty_multiplier
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-13-0/purchase-workflow-13-0-product_supplierinfo_qty_multiplier
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to define multiplier quantities at the supplier level in the
products to apply it in the purchase order lines.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Purchase > Products > Products.

> #. Go to Acoustic Bloc Screens product.

Reviewer: It's better not to give usage instructions depending on demo data:
```suggestion
#. Select a product.
```
(If the selected product needs some special condition, specify it)

> #. Go to 'Purchase' tab and edit 'Wood Corner' line to set 'Multiplier Qty' to 2.0.

Reviewer: Again, don't restrict it to one product, and warn the user that the column might be hidden.
```suggestion
#. Go to the 'Purchase' tab and edit a vendor pricelist line to set 'Multiplier Qty' to 2.0 (If you can't find that column, you can activate it by clicking the tree dots at the corner of the table and enabling it).
```

> #. Create a new purchase order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a new purchase order.
#. Assign it to the partner where the multiplier quantity was previously set.
```

> #. Add product line with 'Acoustic Bloc Screens' product product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add a product line with the previously edited product.
```

    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/product_supplierinfo_qty_multiplier
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-13-0/purchase-workflow-13-0-product_supplierinfo_qty_multiplier
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to define multiplier quantities at the supplier level in the
products to apply it in the purchase order lines.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Purchase > Products > Products.
#. Select a product.

> #. Go to the 'Purchase' tab and edit a vendor pricelist line to set 'Multiplier Qty' to 2.0 (If you can't find that column, you can activate it by clicking the tree dots at the corner of the table and enabling it).

Reviewer: Sorry, I mislead you earlier, there is a typo here:
```suggestion
#. Go to the 'Purchase' tab and edit a vendor pricelist line to set 'Multiplier Qty' to 2.0 (If you can't find that column, you can activate it by clicking the three dots at the corner of the table and enabling it).
```
